Develop/README.md, before:

# Battlebots

  ![licensebadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)

  ## Description 
  
  Welcome to the thunderdome!!! Battlebots is a game where your robot fights against other robots to a robotic equivalent of death! The game is a text based fighting game. Enter your desired actions in the text box and your beloved robot will take care of the rest. Pick the best strategy to come out of this mechanical guantlet on top.
  
  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  

  ## Installation
  
  Just visit the site at .... and the browser will take care of the rest.
  
  
  ## Usage 

  Have fun with it! It is a game after all!
  
  ## Credits
  
  This project was made by yours truly.
   
  ## License


  MIT
  
  
  
  

  ## Questions

  If you have further questions about this program, you can contact me through github: https://github.com/parkerrobison 
  or by email: parkerobison@gmail.com.
  Please reference the project in question in the message.

Commit message:

fixed a reference error and updated the project readme

Develop/README.md, after:

# README Generator

  ![licensebadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue)

  ## Description 
  
  This project allows a user to create a readme using the command line on their computer. The user will be given a list of questions to answer. Their answers will be displayed on a readme file that can be copied to github or to another readme file. This will allow a user to spend more time to work on the task at hand instead of worrying about formatting a README file.
  
  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  

  ## Installation
  
  Install gitbash on your computer. Install jsnode on your computer. Fork the repository on github to your computer.
  
  ## Usage 

  Once the installation process is done, navigate to the root folder of the readme generator. There key in 'node index.js' and hit enter. Follow the prompt on the terminal.
  
  ## Credits
  
  
   
  ## License

  Apache
  
  
  
  
  ## Tests

  To be determined
  

  ## Questions

  If you run into any errors or have further questions about this program, you can contact here: 
  github: https://github.com/parkerrobison 
  email: parkerobison@gmail.com.
  Please reference the project in question in the message. Thank you.
